yo what's up guys at x rays and welcome
to another episode of my ultimate class
setup guide today we're going to be
covering the vector CRB i'm going to be
discussing some of its weaknesses some
of its strong points and of course get
you a class setup that will best set you
up for whatever situation that you're in
before I jump into the actual class
setup though if you guys are new and you
enjoy these types of videos remember to
subscribe I'm on my way to 50,000
subscribers so any help again so give me
would be much appreciated and with that
being said let some straight into the
class setup for you guys first of all
the vector one of its strong points is
the fact that it is a very accurate
weapon it's one of the most accurate
smgs in call duty ghosts at the moment
so you really want to take advantage of
that accuracy and even improve upon it
to make it just like the best most
accurate SMG in the game so if that
being said we're going to discuss the
best way to set this up so the first
attachment that I use on the vector is
going to be the foregrip attachment it
gives it noticeably less recoil and
makes it a much more accurate weapon
with the vector having this extra bump
in accuracy allows you to take gunfights
that you want it normally from medium
range and actually try to take some
shots and take someone from a distance
now of course since it is an SMG I would
recommend that if you are trying to pick
someone off in a medium distance that
you of course make sure that you are the
first person to shoot don't try to
engage someone who's using an assault
rifle if you see someone who's running
across the room and you're in a medium
distance then by all means you got the
foregrip attachment on the vector you're
going to be able to pick them off rather
easily not have a lot of trouble with
the recoil especially since you have
that extra added accuracy with the
foregrip attachment now the second
attachment that I recommend that you use
is the silencer you want to make sure
that using the silencer so you take out
a group of three people as opposed to
killing one person alerting the next two
since it is an SMG even though the
silencer does kind of take a little bit
off the range and you know makes it less
effective at a more medium range it's
still a great option to use because most
of the time when you're using an SMG you
should be on small maps and you're going
to be able to take out the enemy two
three in a row without them even
noticing what's going on because they're
not hearing any gunshots are seeing any
muzzle flash etc for this weapon class
setup I actually decided to forego
having a grenade
actually just have a secondary there
might be times where you run out of ammo
with the vector and you have to quickly
switch out to a pistol or something
especially if you are maybe just one
kill away from your next kill streak and
you don't want to die it would be such a
horrible waste so of course I recommend
that you have any pistol and this one
I'm just using any you can use any
pistol you feel comfortable with this
one I'm just using the mp4 43 it's just
a pistol for me to switch to in case of
an emergency nothing too special about
the secondary now with that being said
let's talk about the perks that I have
in this class setup it's an SMG so you
want to run around rather quickly you're
gonna be engaging a lot of people you're
gonna be running out of ammo and more
than anything you want to have intel on
the enemy so the first perk that i have
is going to be sleight of hand that
allows you to reload a lot faster you're
going to be running in and out of rooms
when you need to reload you're going to
be able to do it rather quickly
especially if you're low on health or
something in a bad situation being able
to reload a lot faster and take the
enemy out by surprise is just a huge
invaluable asset the next book that I
have on is actually going to be focused
especially with the fact that you have
this for grip on the vector you're going
to find yourself in some of the little
bit of a longer gunfights than you would
if an SMG so having focus allows you to
stay on target especially if you're
facing another weapon that's like the
assault rifle or something you're going
to be able to kind of stay on beat a
little better than the assault rifle if
they're not using focus and of course
you use focus when you're in other gun
fights with other SMGs they're going to
be flailing around especially with the
added recoil that SMGs have and since
you have that for grip and you have
focus you're going to be able to just
take people out really quickly the next
perk that I have is going to be
scavenger I mentioned again you can run
out of ammo rather quickly especially if
you're rushing around having scavenger
allows you to never find yourself in a
situation where you are completely out
of ammo you know whether it's your
primary or your second there you're
actually going to be able to pick up
packs especially if you're running
around and rushing you're constantly
going to be running over those ammo
packs and just replenishing the ammo
making you a much more effective SMG
user the next break that i have attached
is going to be steady aimed as the best
perk to use of smgs steady aim is not
really that great to use it for salt
rifles LMGs snipers etc because they
have such a huge hips pray that really
wouldn't be effective at all with smgs
you slap on steady aim you're going to
be able to pre fire around corners I'm
going to be able to take out
enemy you know especially if you're in a
gun fight where it's faster to use you
know a hip spray than it is to 80s
having steady aim is just going to put
you head and shoulders above the rest of
the competition it's a great perk to use
I would recommend that you use and on
all of your SMG classes especially if
you're the kind of person who's
especially running around and rushing as
much as you can the last perk that I
have on this class setup is going to be
the ping perk it's a great perk only
cost two points and it's a great perk to
use because you kill one enemy a sends
out a sonar since it lets you know which
enemy is nearby and especially when
you're rushing with an SMG and you are
in say a room or two rooms that are
connected next to each other you kill
one person you're going to be able to
find the next person with that sonar if
they're not using off the grid and you
know it's the best perk I would say to
use of smgs if you're using ping with
assault rifles and everything is very
effective as well but if you're using an
SMG and you're using ping it just
combines together to be like a super
soldier class load out where you're
taking people out consistently and say
someone you kill someone and there's
someone behind you it's also going to be
saving your ass but anyways guys
distract package you can use whatever
you want if you're trying to go for km's
i would suggest specialist if you're
going for hi katie use some assault if
you're not that great of a player and
you want to help out your support so in
this case I was just using you know some
salt some sad comment some dogs because
I just like to rush around get my
killstreaks over and over that's about
it guys all you guys enjoyed this
episode of ultimate class load out if
you did remember to slap like and a
favorite on this video it helps the
video get out there for more people to
enjoy and also if you guys are new and
have not already subscribed to free to
do so I'm on my way to 50,000
subscribers so any hope you have to give
me would be much appreciated the last
thing I want to ask you guys is to leave
a comment down below of which weapon you
want me to build a class set up around
it can be SMG snipers any weapon that is
in call duty go so feel free to leave it
as a comment down below and you might
see it in the next episode of ultimate
class setup anyways guys I'll be guys
enjoyed the video I'll see you guys next
time I'm ex for his mouth piece